5.1.3

Send e-mail when a document is approved to everyone who is signed up for
immediate notification and all signers.

5.1.1

To accomodate installations where tar is standard Unix tar (which can't deal
with compressed files) new tar variables have been introduced. $GTar should be
set to GNU's tar (standard tar on Linux). If this doesn't exist, then $Tar
should be set to regular tar and $GZip and $GUnzip to the GNU gzip/gunzip
utilities. The correct defaults for Linux are set in the DocDBGlobals.pm file, so if you
didn't modify these before, you don't need to do anything.

Some groups have requested that by default, new documents are marked as
publically accessible. The variable $DefaultPublicAccess, which defaults to "0"
has been added for this. Change it in ProjectGlobals.pm if you want to have
"Public" selected by default instead of the current user when adding a new
document.

I'm starting a new set of settings to determine which parts of the regular
interface are available to the public. The first part of this is the 
$PublicAccess{MeetingList} variable, set to 0 by default. Set this to 1 if you
want the "all meetings" item to appear on the public home page. If you do this,
you must also create a link to "ListAllMeetings" in your public directory.  

5.1.0

Added new "anyword" and "allword" search modes. Changed keyword link to use
"anyword." 

Added an option for external search routines for document contents, added
template files in scripts/ to give examples on use. You must set the
$ContentSearch variable to turn this option on. Look at
scripts/SearchWrapper.template and scripts/ContentSearch.template for examples
of how BTeV does this using htdig.

4.2.6

Removed execution time from various scripts, should advise people to put in
footer (with version). Example placed in ProjectRoutines.pm

